Reviewer's Name: Jeff McGovern
Paper Title: XORs in the Air - Practical Wireless Network
Provide a short summary of the paper: In this paper, the authors present COPE, a wireless mesh network architecture that XORs multiple packets together into one single super packet, leveraging wireless packet snooping between hotspots to extract the necessary packet from the encoded sent packet, in order to minimize the number of transmissions necessary to send data across the network.
What are the strengths of the paper? (1-3 sentences): The authors present a very well executed abstraction for wireless mesh networks. They take existing routing conventions and apply them in ways that measurably improve the performance.
What are the weaknesses of the paper? (1-3 sentences): Security is never addressed --- not even once --- nor are relevant applications of mesh networks.
Overall paper merit (1 [worst] - 10 [best] ): 8
Provide detailed comments (expand on strengths/weaknesses; >= 2 paragraphs): The authors in this paper do a good job of considering the network stack from the application level, to the wireless, and back up. By building the abstraction the way they do, they create effectively a drop-in replacement to a user's current network configuration. Furthermore, their experimental validation tested a real-world use case and appears to compare it to the same situation but without COPE to gain grounded insight into the performance of COPE.

Security is one aspect of COPE that the authors did not address, namely in the snooping of packets and user level processes. I may not understand network security well, but these sound like fantastic avenues of exploitation. Since the authors wrote the paper in 2006, I don't think I can expect them to think of possible applications, like internet of things and public wifi strapped to people walking around in the street. Considering, however, that, at least, in the case of internet of things, security is a primary issue, it's unfortunate that the authors spent absolutely zero time discussing it.
